What are you talking about?
Why don't I understand?
These photos
It was all intercepted from the perspective of hotel surveillance
You as a hotel manager
It's very easy to get these monitors.
I'm not the only one who can access video surveillance
What makes you think it's me?
Manager Zhu Rili Wanji
Where is the time to go to great lengths
For a departing employee
Monitoring and slandering you?
Xiao Li
It's not like you don't know what kind of person he is
When I was working part-time
He would put little shoes on me everywhere
This time I want to use the dealer for me.
Instead of causing me to fail, I was demoted
He has every reason to make up these rumors
Trying to get revenge on me
Manager Zhu is just talking about old things
If you offend the guest, of course he will educate you.
Yesterday you wanted to eat Overlord meal
Manager Zhu wants to pay off the debt with your clothes
Isn't this normal?
It's just that you are indiscreet.
He also slandered Manager Zhu in turn
Do you know
How much damage did your behavior cause to the hotel?
Lose us serious waiters
Your reputation has been damaged by you
Manager Zhu didn't settle the bill with you
You came to the door instead
Gu Qingqing always pays attention to evidence
If you reverse black and white and slander me like this again
I'm going to call the police.
Then call the police.
The Internet Protocol Address is at the Star Hotel
You didn't lie
It was also the staff of your hotel who spread rumors.
When the police verify
But it's all clear
Who are you not?
My dignified five-star hotel
How can you, a migrant worker, just enter?
He's my husband.
Your husband?
It's this poor migrant worker
I bought this million-dollar limited edition for you.
Hahaha
Sir, you have to watch your head.
So as not to be wearing several hats without knowing
Oh, Lee, I'm afraid
I don't know what kind of person your wife is, do you?
When he was working at our hotel
That's when you take the initiative to cry when you see father and son?
Look at what he's wearing
Which one is you, a poor migrant worker?
You can afford it.
Manager Zhu
It's all my fault I know it's wrong
Please stop talking.
Stop choreographing me in front of my husband, okay?